hello hello streamers
fast I'm a blogger I'm recording I'm not
streaming the form you see you such an image you
've done everything far piu-piu-piu
smoking cigarettes carefully teach me we have
lighting
entourage and I understood, I understood no, so shorter
brother's chair he is with me for a drop he
what nonsense and looked at him, a colleague can be seen
with three, also a little colleague, and you yourself,
here I am from Ukraine, the city of Minsk from
which city the thoughts of Hamburg rubbed on
some kind of Ural Nikitin and not Andrey
Vasilyevich two throws of a bare letter
is a lidor details of Edward another colleague
Yuri Petrovich Gennady  Petrovich
Vitaliy Eduardovich Gennady Petrovich
Vitaliy Eduardovich Gennady Petrovich you specifically
chose Ukraine you accidentally hit by chance
got caught
if you have any questions maybe residents of
Ukraine
housing Ukraine depending on what size to me
on the drink of Ukraine adequate to all
of you all hello to the military of Ukraine
military of Ukraine from but Ukraine  you [ __ ] well
can't say salaam hi
on the same anyway
your country goes on by  lu our country, but
[music]
this damn thing forgot how Gennady
Petrovich and 3g for Gennady Petrovich are you
military or just nets a hat took a
hat I’ll take the tickets I knew on purpose I
didn’t listen, I just looked at how he
would react to the word hat if it
arises, then this hat  it
means something to him no
spetsnaz gru yes yes with speed on google
before
and that
I just can’t understand what you didn’t
take to the special operation now
because he serves as the
only beer pilsner federal
serves security I
take or the FSB and where he served in  army
mountain now he works in the
museum he is now
watching you dasha you are something personal
hall name
yes yes this is mine this is my curator
neat and you are like really drunk
now or is it you playing the style
this style of drunk
as far as you are already like this  stream
with alcohol for an
hour or two, well, an hour before 1,
but what is the purpose of your communication, what
do you convey to your viewers,
I say we are not interested
well for you, that's what you want from these
to get conversations
in general, just some kind of
communication
this is inadequate cover him want
to talk
on any we will try to hold any topic
even if somewhere we are
ignoramuses of help we say we don’t know
mathematics is interested in a
political topic for such talk and
politically and
what kind of  political topics in general, we are
just interested to know, for example, a
person whose, for example,
political shadows are very somewhere patcon,
maybe something on some specific
political issues
andrey vasilyevich and now look here,
for example, I am a resident of Russia, yes,
for example, I support my Russian
well  the role of their country and their president
from grew out of parma,
I'm just wondering, well, I have a
certain point, we can not just
somehow
explain to me that I'm
wrong, look,
talking, therefore, this commandment will start and
support absolutely the rights of colds, we
play, I'm on the move, because  that I am a patriot
and let's see such an example here
was  hitler, so he attacked all
the neighboring countries there, maybe he didn’t bring a banana, they
were at the zenith and killed a Jew, so the people
who were in Germany were patriots of
Germany, they should have
supported him simply because they were
patriots of Germany, or they should have
told about it wrong
there  it was a little, probably different, I
just understand the meaning of the word fascism
nazism and fascism details no nazism it’s
understandable nazism is in every country there is
[music]
others of
this
I lead fascism there was fascism, that is,
people directly, as it were, were rooting for the fact
that during their time directly
politics  and, accordingly, they had
to fight without and with whom, and so on, because not
or their own park directly
, I can also say the curators in general, the brilliance of the
supreme commander in chief, it turns out
that in your opinion the patriot is the one
who is
there to protect the attacks at my place
came just the
picture leaves, take everything on  background,
don’t draw, well, why once in the frame it means it
turns out look patriotism is just
to support,
say, the crime of your state
or patriotism is to live in good conscience, I
didn’t understand again, look here, for example,
if your state commits a
crime to you, so you, as a patriot, must
support the state or should you
honestly say that you are
doing the state wrong,
I would probably answer this question
if  if I were in such a situation
you are now so you are
now taking off a point from such a situation now russia
attacked ukraine on neighboring
states it is committing a crime
but in conscience you should have said
that my state is in vain for trying to
ukraine there is no need to attack the fraternal
people
to the fraternal people about sushi, once again
Vasilyevich, I’m here just roulettes,
but for example, four years,
almost
four years ago, I went to Ukraine,
that is, four years ago, and just go
to Ukraine and just didn’t come up with the
outskirts, let’s go to saved Ukraine and
listened to the words to [ __ ]  Yes, you are a Muscovite washing in
your mouth, we will [ __ ] your family, I could not understand
what was happening  t
active sonic, which is why people had such a
reaction four years ago,
both from where back Russophobes, for example,
you turn on some schoolboy sitting in front of you
and starts swearing at you where did
he get it from that there Zelensky
Poroshenko began to go into roulette we throw
through and that’s why I’m crying, you can
meet such a person who is there
to watch if we look at history like that
eight years ago Russia attacked
Ukraine took part of the territories from me
some people should have been in position even in the
fourteenth year before
February 26, 2014, the Russian military
seized parliament  of Crimea Cabinet of
Ministers Simferopol Airport
occupation of Crimea to start from April 12,
1414, the occupation began
in the ninety-first year, when
the independent state of
Ukraine and the independent state of the
Russian Federation Russia were formed, so
after the collapse of the union, Crimea was part of
Ukraine
described in the contract, see was part of the Russian Federation
hangar before  ninety seven
Ukraine and Russia signed an agreement on
cooperation
and a friend to build an agreement was signed
as well as 2 but also in the ninety-seventh year and
this agreement was ratified by the parliament of
Ukraine and the parliament of Russia that the countries
have no territorial claims one
another they recognize borders and
territorial integrity one another
Russia  in the ninety-seventh year, she
documentarily admitted that she had
no claims, for example, to the whole world.
yes, let’s look now honestly
on his phone,
then look google there an agreement on
friendship and cooperation
dollar guy, I already said
cooperation and partnership between
Ukraine and the Russian Federation, that’s
it, you are on it, yes, yes, well, that is, look,
we created such states in the ninety-first year
in such a gloss and in the
ninety-seventh they confirmed again,
which means whose cream was before, it
was Turkish, and once it was Greek there,
then once a year and like in the Crimea there
were Scythian whales, and so on, yes, that is,
if we will  watch it also in Russia,
for example, there was no Kaliningrad region,
up to half the truth, yes, that is, to call the
expert’s mudoten, it turns out if we now
revise it somehow, but let’s
take it from you under the mask, which is also
given, that is, no
one takes it on the basis  the fact that
once it was something there, we are already
completely different states like you are your own
state, we are our own,
this is all that we lived on, for example, in
one  oh apartment there or here in the same house
in the same house, so only we have different
parts of the house and we shared it with us
came
let's go back a little straight to the
doctor what year
did Makhno wind for example which father was born I don’t know what he
was born in
1888 maybe what year the Riva started
the revolution began, father Makhno did
not have a revolution, the revolution was not he
did
collector what revolution he did
well
oh activity he had and in what
year so look three times for
whom he became up to Russ in the seventeenth year
he was a political prisoner so in the
seventeenth year you have in  Petrograd, the
capital of the Russian Empire, on February 17
, the Maidan passed and the tsar was thrown off.
as a result of either the
February or
October revolution was to be released
political prisoners where Makhno was, I
can’t say exactly what role the children
were put in, and
he, as it were, began his political
activity again when various hostilities took place on the territory of the former
Russian empire,
so he lived on that territory,
who
enjoyed authority among the local
population
became  so gray and how he deserved his
without knowing this, we cannot now
know how he deserved or he was handsome
he would like everything or he was a
good speaker or something like that, that is, we
cannot now somewhere, that is, we can
rely on the facts that  he was supported by a
certain part of the population of this
rural roasting of the Cossacks Pascal, but
for some reason, these are already historians, let
it be in what year and ended that
my
activity ended in France, in
Paris, phrases ended
and in Paris you killed ideas in what year
his activity ended  on the
territory of the territory when he crossed with the
abdomen he crossed either or du  I don’t
remember where he
swam for 20 years,
I can say for sure I wasn’t so
interested in buying, but when in what
year I don’t remember, that is, I don’t know that he
lived poorly, was sick, I understand that you
are interested in my cat walnut for the seventh year, of
course you are interested
Makhno's personality type no, I'm not, I'm just sushi you, I'm
like I'm just listening, you, you
just wanted to tell me, I let me
bust more than you, I'm not a hundred,
tell me once you already started
telling me, you just say
it's not like that anymore  I will tell you and
I know the competitiveness of what to give from
those times the
first year
they are the CIS you of those times and what is the disk of the
litter when, for example, here, well,
before, when, who and when, for example,
gave Ukraine [ __ ]
Crimea
territory to well, in general, Ukraine,
sense, well, yes, here  just gave if you
have some question of the game gave me
then give give him all the same we will be
real terms
gave
how Nikita Khrushchev influenced the fact that
in general on the territory  history and Ukraine how
Nikita Khrushchev influenced Nikita Khrushchev how would you
know who Nikita is I want to know was the
general secretary of the Central Committee of the CPSU before the
general secretary
understood or what was it called
after Stalin and that
Odessa gave Crimea to Ukraine so
no I’m just wondering if you survived
tortured you
don't want to prove something I'm just on I
know what to do I how well they influenced
in general what the same was connected
maybe that you were created
something I don't know I'm just trying to be
nothing I'm the only thing for sure  I know
where she was connected with spinning not
to stand and it’s impossible to connect something
34 points coloring of the inhabitants that a small
number of days but just you are interested
I don’t know we can example maybe
someone will be interested in deepening someone stepped
it was
60 well followed that Stalin and  strangers 4
you see here fourth everything was
janus stalin up to 56 was wrong and so I
just say I’m interested in you well then
didn’t leave you need you started asking me here
I don’t know above I started you
rocked me at the beginning once
we had a dialogue to him how I won’t
tell you
asked about I can start this from the
90s it’s stupid why not start but
let’s say let’s start from the very beginning since it’s
super from the very beginning since it’s stone
what kind of
ancestors of people lived in the Stone Age on the
territory, how can
we just take let's take the Paleolithic, so the
Paleolithic times, then lived in the territory of the
Crimea for a
second, I
just, well, a little silly, I don’t know
Nikita Khrushchev
why are you burning at the very beginning and 64
years no I’m
just squeezing it out again that the very first year
in the world was
not but come on then you said you said you
said from the very beginning the truth again you
said let’s start again 54 that all
this is not  the best thing to start before that was also
years say it clearly let's take the
very beginning let's take the very
beginning
I'm
generally in this regard
in the middle of ukraine wait stop stop
why  you are spinning and 4 let's take the very
beginning we will take from this otherwise this is
something else we didn’t find, for example, but there
were 2 4 dozen daisy 100 and in the tenth in the
tenth century what was in the Crimea
there is nowhere in quality we started specifically
about the revolution no  no, you said that it was the
very beginning that you are telling then
come on here I want I want I want to
understand if you want the very beginning
let's take the 10th century so there was where
Sevastopol there is Kherson with music a city
so let's take this one right from the
beginning of the father  Makhno why that
Old Man Makhno is there
from the birth of the world like Old Man Makhno I
see where it came from and
why the
plan of Ukraine why not 20 he already
gives vegetables in general 800 and now we are returning,
why do you return only somewhere
where you go.
in a time machine we fly further and further
and further
in what kind of view do you want to fly in such as
how I want you explain to me I do
n’t want to fly to you anymore look initially
initially I asked you just
explain to me when it all started and
why I, for example, should be now
kind of ask
because the
dike just found the stage right now here
you can read try here in ukraine in
1954 I remember what 54
I would like to first remember
us years ago or we only drank in
which between 1054 57 years was a
rising star of Soviet politics
foreign  Correspondents in Moscow, that
is, it was still not
64-bit, then tell me, I just
didn’t grow up a little in
reading the article, let’s read it, I’m
reading it, you stroked said obedience
no, you tell me, you tried to me
, I asked you what  -something there is something wrong,
after
all, 54, let's say this is all 4, I
don’t understand why you flew away in a time machine in
54, they are in the tenth century, for example, we are not
because we were talking for some year it
was 54 for sewing, the quality is not acceptable,
why are you flying in this in the 20th century, but
in general I don’t fly anywhere, I even
fly souchon and so I want to understand what you want,
where do I go next Nikita Khrushchev
still go  if you listen to me, then I will die
in the ninety-first year, we Ukraine became an
independent state, stop the bracelet,
did you learn history in advance, see the
history of how the creation of the state is so
Ukraine, and to obtain dependence in the
ninety-first year, within the borders in
which it was formed
, it is internationally recognized, that is, before that  so who was,
but for example, if we take the
Russian empire, even the version, so it
was generally small in the fifteenth century,
so
that is, I wasn’t there from Buryatia
, it’s true, the
Russian empire is there, why do you fly away
somewhere only in that year which  you are
interested in it and don’t fly away you are a
simple buildup of the moment interesting
well you know all the general
secretaries for example c like fss well not in  seh
but
he, for example, well, let him be
set aside, but Stalin, and someone on Khrushchev and Brezhnev
Andropov Chernenko and the brick
understood everything the test for from what year.  me 80
81 then you also lived a little press
price
well yes badia and
that's why you were interested
wait a second with us as well as a dialogue
with your own game started here I don’t
understand everything before the situation explain to me
so that for example I
understand that I probably didn’t see the
Dnieper  before russia attacked ukraine 26
no again and 22 124 20 and 26 february
2014 on 6 february 2017 russia
made an act of aggression against ukraine this is
enshrined in international documents
resolutions where russia is recognized as an
aggressor and calls on it to withdraw the ss troops of
ukraine to liberate and bought
who  called countries
strange and the
last resolution was one hundred and forty
one countries of the world what what year again
would you like to see which countries map
what year called in
[music]
last last which pour it
on in march 2022
well no initially when start
every year there were imposed stations on the 1st
floor initially when russia pin the
fourteenth year
here one maidan and more fragrant for may  Dane,
we have long been internal
political rallies in Ukraine, so
Russia attacked two points, but
it wasn’t taken away in the clearing, well, they didn’t start fighting,
but they didn’t start fighting, because look,
for example, if you have the strength to boil,
you win back from no, you move away, we will
regroup these forces  and that is,
we didn’t have the strength to
recapture Ukraine in 2014, Mrs. to Ukraine, Crimea,
inspect until Crimea, you had the strength
to seize our strength by industries, and
Ukraine, no, probably, no, there was no
strength, I think that the year when your government,
who say if  for example, in
2012 they would have attacked
our lid with a tonal Polina Ukraine,
but to a member, as in your government, they say and to your
wife that the share in our power is once again
what your authorities say in 2013,
if Russia fills our authorities, they
don’t say that, you can tell me where
I say that  I will not arrest messages with a
representative of likes now he is a
real representative of the authorities
let's be
Poroshenko let's get that big top
for example  measures from and oolong time russia would have
attacked ukraine at that time we wouldn’t
have it he wouldn’t say if you were
russia and attacked ukraine it was also
debaltseve ilovaisk
yes yes yes it’s understandable not but they said
that we didn’t have  I would have the strength to resist
Russia Ukraine had the strength to resist Russia in
2014, I think yes,
where did the personnel from closely
trained like me, that is, you think
that the
former Soviet soldiers of the thread were not
prepared what kind of dream and army you had
and which ones were, that is, so that there was no
army running  just tell the boss to other
authorities what time it was, tell what kind of
army your army was formed
after when it was
good where the
army of ukraine formed now more
let's say that we have
Soviet aviation
Soviet tanks Soviet armored personnel carriers there and up to
eight years ago  they could not be
opened even if you
had a war for eight years,
some kind of nonsense, some kind of confrontation,
why and to us, for example, like
this
rda a few now to mariupol why it was all so just surrendered to the sense just the range of bayame 2 sbn but she gave the crimea without fighting at all, in essence, survived for almost an hour, as it were, why now give away your settlements such as the Kherson region of Berdyansk, etc., that's all well kherson kherson berdyansk you yourself understand yes it was captured on the first day there it was like it is in Russian zrada betrayal of someone by the hand of the driver in the rest did not happen maybe and happens when I don’t know what is there plus in the middle well for example in other parts for example near Kyiv kharkov chernigov the russian army got a star fled with huge losses so under the g-100 peaceful then the scales from the serpentine island got fled like a submarine moscow dived drowned ukraine also deals with the fact that, unlike russia, unlike russia, ours do not throw here so you know how I don’t interrupt, don’t interrupt, ours don’t, they don’t throw it, that’s how they were forcibly mobilized in the DPR  and the LPR is not like cannon fodder to fortified positions, that is, if there is a need to withdraw Severodonetsk in order to regroup and leave the personnel alive [music] why and why, that is, when ours moved away from Kyiv, it simply means that they did not take you out, but what you move away from your settlements, this means you need to regroup no, we and why we won’t hold it because you have an overweight of artillery there, so you have an overweight of the concentration of troops and support all countries on well, and began to take off what they can’t take advantage of our people personnel don’t eat sex when we have moved away from Kyiv so far and this is why look because in a second you are leaving such settlements, the girl I give out for Russian passports already when the phone is transferred to Russian, that is, it means for you to regroup absolutely right, yes, you never went until when you you got to make a site and then regrouping is not there record to pick up a few settlements
comrade and that let's just give you a moment just you alone with you look we went to Kyiv the volume of the target was removed to the back and then took away several people how many and grouping this probably means regrouping how much time you lost personnel near Kyiv that's exactly you we have regroup you how can there be regrouping if you can’t really take anything back, but to take it back, why what do you have there to take back here you regroup, for example, we have ours in Kyiv, yes, I can say that this is a regroup because we will we climbed the Jordanian don’t look not Berdyansk gozias we first took it again not to interrupt and look Severodonetsk Severodonetsk Lisichansk so did not depend on Kyiv, that is, there was a concentration of troops so you took them for a very long time somehow and now for a long time but ours have the opportunity like you think that such a large army as Russia is ready, we will move on how do you take the world  nye
inhabitants and
how many civilians you already multiply and
why peacefully lived respect gallus your
soldiers to us some basics all sorts of [ __ ]
prisoners I am and why and why so
immediately rock strange captivity and you look
you don’t have it now why did you hide the
[ __ ] prisoners I  I’ll explain why
don’t you explain to me no, wait, cook, that
is, you, I’ll tell you why, because you
understand that that guy, but calling, he’s
stronger than you in spirit and you want on him, you
wanted
ostriches captive if they flush the toilets, I
don’t, we skillfully, it’s not
him  I was in prison until I was 10 years old for two
murders,
murder for years, but
tell me why are you afraid if
you don’t think of it, dressed us
killed a pedophile for the second time
look at
me right now, I’ll be the first to kill you now because the
slot and because you are like a person who
was sitting there somewhere in the zone for yourself, it’s just
shorter than Indian somehow
you equal yourself  there and you call there a
[ __ ] person who, like, fought for
his country
because because you are in the country and with
him nothingness I understand why
because because he is a hero and you are just
some kind of hero, no, I saw where your
hero
looks
in Russia  how homosexuality is
welcomed do you now understand in
russia it’s not and how do you say it
burns and it’s not welcome here and
why for some reason you have it in the zones it’s
considered normal homosexual
relations
you already have these all in general with mops like
rapes
no we already
had one like that
rhaenys the
administration of their turf with mops and
you
in
russia in russia prison
administration wore mops and once again garages in russia the
administration before in russia in russia
prison hips so to speak not by garlic
in russia the prison administration
rapes prisoners with mops in russia
i don’t know maybe i
am  does not see the
cyanide minister investigates and
does not burn
you see
why because look, I'll tell you what
I'll tell you
investigation t  about
quality, that is, you were poked with a mop in
this administration, I didn’t sit, but in
some I sat, that is, where
this magic of money is not with a mop,
so you learn quickly you are a country a country in
which
we quickly waited for a long time with one person
intersect this person cannot
hold a position  it burns everything burned out and
now listen, it turns out you are a country in
which the state mocks
its
people so it doesn’t build an organism we
don’t have we have I say if the administration
was if you had thoughts of an administrator if the
administration is what Ukraine is
internally I will
say
recognize in Russia prisoners are raped with mops
no
ukraine once again there is an investigation so
there is a video archive swept away so you have
gold
administration
administration administration yes
you are
absolutely immoral and the state
which she services and alyona interference does not she
burns already seems to be normal
adequate and just pick you about
I’ll say lana okay yes okay  look,
I don’t know where you are sitting now, collecting
donations, and so you t  am throws off ask
him then it’s true
I want to talk to people with adequate
swamps and inadequate for example whether you
don’t send money no don’t
send me a programmer I earn
a living accepted for money from youtube
earn I don’t earn so
absolutely no earnings youtube at all
not a penny at all before it was
monetization we sent to the army, that
is, the blond initiation was, but
again I send you to rm and and
700 million each, that is, she is the Russian army,
you support the war in Ukraine, the
same I support my Russian Russia,
which is mops  you are there friends of
you and you go this is this
Putin’s system
for your tsar you are nobody for your tsar
you are nobody sitting with you to
be this audience you know such
assets frostbitten by the law you
will tell them to this so that they
eat beans and some  an hour
why they burn
you say half you say standing and
people are
shorter here I am also shorter these
all sorts of such streamers like  , enough
squares and so on, here you are absolutely
so asocially the audience Ivan and
sit out and others so they share
there thousands of people out there on streams, you
can use dynamite saul with this pen still
there on the loader oil soot you and so
on and someone  anything like that, but the audience has
intelligence, well,
in principle, they have
some kind of such and
not sitting in Russia on a bubble a bunch of a bunch of
squares, so what’s the tekke just the
reef wasted their absolute Peter they won’t understand him,
having found they start looking at the sight  you are
so stupid to them equally well, so at me with a
roar giving you Khrushchev suppressed something there,
Lenin created at the queen and there is a tucker, why
do we
really have grenades and kind in games, informative
guilt in Mario about
such things, we don’t have to leave and have tea and yes
Russians fell on the back of the kiba, the
slave comes to us and the russian person only
bruises, we specially choose our powders
our bowls
or the Dayaks don’t understand beer
there, you tell there your Ukraine bombed for 8
years, and the Crimea seems to have been a Russian there, then the
peak is  there are corpses 54 where they are
wild on top 10 letters okay we swear to
add after that put like and directly
ms-3